Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.

From AWS Inspector
1 AWS Inspector shows a lot of vulnerabilities with respect to allowing traffic on unneccesary ports for the WebApp Application deployed on the EC2 instance.

Security Hub CIS Findings
2 Security hub also shows findings with respect to allowing too much inbound and outbound traffic.
3 VPC flow logs should have been enabled by the deployment in order to be able to analyze potential malicious behavior.
4 No alarms and metric created for security events related to manipulations on NACLs / Network Gateways / Security Groups / CMKs / AWS Config changes etc.
5 Cloudtrail is not enabled. As a result changes to critical actions on AWS Services and Infrastructure can not be tracked.

AWS Foundational Security Best Practices
6 Security Groups allow acces to critical ports and ports with high risk.
7 Cloudtrail is not enabled, resulting in limited view on changes in AWS.
8 EC2 instance should not have a public IP address.
9 S3 buckets are misconfigured and do not use expected settings on access logging, SSL on requests, server side encryption.
10 EBS volume of EC2 instance not encrypted at rest which allows data breaches.
11 VPC flow logs should have been enabled by the deployment in order to analyse potential malicious behavior.
12 Application load balancer not configure properly to drop HTTP headers.
13 S3 buckets should not be publicly accessible.

AWS Config
Showed duplicated resource finding that have been mentioned before. It also detected that there is no standard HTTP to HTTPs redirect configured
on the ELB. The rest is related to VPC config, security group config, S3 config.

Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

1 Remediate vulnerability by securing the VPC / Subnets with proper NACLs and ajdusting the Security Group for the WebApp Application (SGName: WebAppSG)
2 Remediate like 1.
3 Enable VPC flow logs when deploying the necessary infrastructure.
4 Ensure proper monitoring and security alerts are deployed with respective cloudwatch metrics, dashboards and alarms.
5 Enable Cloudtrail when deploying infrastruture and configure proper trails.
6 Remediate like 1.
7 Remediate like 5.
8 As it has been mentioned before there is no reason for the EC2 instance to be exposed publicly. It should be placed in the private subnet and
  secured properly.
9 Properly setup S3 buckets with correct encryption, notifications and general protection.
10 Encrypt EBS volume of EC2 instance at rest.
11 Remediate like 3.
12 Do not even allow to use HTTP but HTTPs and ensure HTTP headers are dropped properly.
13 Route traffic to S3 buckets internally and not via public internet.
