The achievable Recovery Time Objective (RTO) and Recovery Point Objective (RPO) are both well defined and will
help to resolve any major downtimes considerebly faster in outage or desaster scenarios. In case of a single AZ outage
the RDS MySQL database will automatically perform a failover to our configured secondary AZ. This process typically takes
between 60 to 120 seconds according to AWS documentation, depending on other activites and the exact failover reason. 
In case of a single region outage we will have to manually perform the failover and promotion of the new primary database. 
The process to execute a successful failover involves multiple steps and will require some time until it finishes. In order
to execute a complete region failover, we would have to:
- Change the read-replica to be the new primary
- Potentially change the new primary to be a multi AZ deployment in the new region
- Update our applications to point to the new primary
- Create a new read replica

In order to be able to change the read replica to become a primary there needs to be as less replication lag as possible for the process
to complete quickly. It will take several minutes for a complete failover. As described above the failover times for single AZ outages will be between 60 to 120 seconds
and this would also be the time when the applications are unable to serve any read or write traffic. If this outage takes any longer, with the current solution backups
are only done once per day from 4:18 - 4:48 UTC. Our data loss might reach from the time of the last backup until the application is fully functional again. This
does not change too much in case of a region outage. The secondary region does not have any dedicated backup available. The time to be able
to servce read and write traffic might be prolonged to several minutes though due to the longer failover and replication lag.
As soon as the failover is performed a new backup process should be established immediately.